README.md, before:

# Sharetribe Web Template

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template)

This is a template web application for Sharetribe marketplaces. You could create your own unique
marketplace web app by cloning this repository and then extending and customizing it to your needs.
This template is bootstrapped with
[create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) with some additions,
namely server side rendering, code-splitting, and a custom CSS setup.

> **Note**: You should start your customization project on top of this one instead of the old
> templates:
>
> - [FTW-daily](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily)
> - [FTW-hourly](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-hourly)
> - [FTW-product](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-hourly)
>
> Read more from
> [Sharetribe Developer Docs](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/sharetribe-web-template/)

## Quick start

### Setup localhost

If you just want to get the app running quickly to test it out, first install
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), and follow along:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:sharetribe/web-template.git  # clone this repository
cd web-template/                                      # change to the cloned directory
yarn install                                          # install dependencies
yarn run config                                       # add the mandatory env vars to your local config
yarn run dev                                          # start the dev server, this will open a browser in localhost:3000
```

You can also follow along the
[Getting started with Sharetribe Web Template](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/introduction/getting-started-with-web-template/)
tutorial in the [Sharetribe Developer Docs](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/).

For more information of the configuration, see the
[Environment configuration variables](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/template-env/)
reference in Sharetribe Developer Docs.

### For Windows users

We strongly recommend installing
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about), if you are
developing on Windows. These templates are made for Unix-like web services which is the most common
environment type on host-services for web apps. Also, the Developer Docs use Unix-like commands in
articles instead of DOS commands.

## Getting started with your own customization

If you want to build your own Sharetribe marketplace by customizing the template application, see
the
[How to Customize the Template](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/how-to-customize-template/)
guide in Developer Docs.

## Deploying to Heroku

**Note:** Remember to fork the repository before deploying the application. Connecting your own
Github repository to Heroku will make manual deploys easier.

See the
[How to deploy this template to production](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/how-to-deploy-template-to-production/)
guide in Developer Docs for more information.

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

See the Sharetribe Developer Docs: [sharetribe.com/docs/](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/)

## Get help – join Sharetribe Developer Slack channel

If you have any questions about development, the best place to ask them is the Developer Slack
channel at https://www.sharetribe.com/dev-slack

If you need help with development, you can hire a verified software developer with Sharetribe
experience from the [Expert Network](https://www.sharetribe.com/experts/).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache-2.0 license.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Document & wire Wave 4 environment variables
- Add Wave 4 flags to .env-template with defaults and descriptions
- Update docs/env.prod.checklist.md with Wave 4 feature flags table
- Add Wave 4 deployment notes to main README.md
- Document SHIPPO_WEBHOOK_SECRET as required in production
- Include usage examples and default values for all flags

README.md, after:

# Sharetribe Web Template

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template)

This is a template web application for Sharetribe marketplaces. You could create your own unique
marketplace web app by cloning this repository and then extending and customizing it to your needs.
This template is bootstrapped with
[create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) with some additions,
namely server side rendering, code-splitting, and a custom CSS setup.

> **Note**: You should start your customization project on top of this one instead of the old
> templates:
>
> - [FTW-daily](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily)
> - [FTW-hourly](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-hourly)
> - [FTW-product](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-hourly)
>
> Read more from
> [Sharetribe Developer Docs](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/sharetribe-web-template/)

## Quick start

### Setup localhost

If you just want to get the app running quickly to test it out, first install
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), and follow along:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:sharetribe/web-template.git  # clone this repository
cd web-template/                                      # change to the cloned directory
yarn install                                          # install dependencies
yarn run config                                       # add the mandatory env vars to your local config
yarn run dev                                          # start the dev server, this will open a browser in localhost:3000
```

You can also follow along the
[Getting started with Sharetribe Web Template](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/introduction/getting-started-with-web-template/)
tutorial in the [Sharetribe Developer Docs](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/).

For more information of the configuration, see the
[Environment configuration variables](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/template-env/)
reference in Sharetribe Developer Docs.

### For Windows users

We strongly recommend installing
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about), if you are
developing on Windows. These templates are made for Unix-like web services which is the most common
environment type on host-services for web apps. Also, the Developer Docs use Unix-like commands in
articles instead of DOS commands.

## Getting started with your own customization

If you want to build your own Sharetribe marketplace by customizing the template application, see
the
[How to Customize the Template](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/how-to-customize-template/)
guide in Developer Docs.

## Deploying to Heroku

**Note:** Remember to fork the repository before deploying the application. Connecting your own
Github repository to Heroku will make manual deploys easier.

See the
[How to deploy this template to production](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/template/how-to-deploy-template-to-production/)
guide in Developer Docs for more information.

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

### Wave 4 Flags
- `SHIPPO_ENABLED` (default `false`): when `true`, label purchase flow is active.
- `SHIP_BY_SMS_ENABLED` (default `false`): when `true`, sends ship-by SMS after a successful label purchase.
- `SHIP_LEAD_DAYS` (default `2`): days to subtract from booking start for ship-by date.
- `SHIPPO_WEBHOOK_SECRET`: **required in production**; webhook requests must pass signature verification.

## Documentation

See the Sharetribe Developer Docs: [sharetribe.com/docs/](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/)

## Get help – join Sharetribe Developer Slack channel

If you have any questions about development, the best place to ask them is the Developer Slack
channel at https://www.sharetribe.com/dev-slack

If you need help with development, you can hire a verified software developer with Sharetribe
experience from the [Expert Network](https://www.sharetribe.com/experts/).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache-2.0 license.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)
